README.md, before:

### Description
`log4j-checker` tool helps identify whether a certain system runs a vulnerable version of the log4j library. Download it and run on each suspected system in your organization.
Please refer to the usage section for more details.
### About At-Bay
At-Bay is an insurance company designed to help businesses understand and address digital risk by combining world-class technology with industry-leading insurance expertise. We question, analyze, and monitor the risk of every company in our portfolio and support our brokers and our insureds throughout our partnership.

### License
The project is licensed under MIT License.

### Prerequisites
To automatically scan all running Java processes, you would need an installation of [jps](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/technotes/tools/unix/jps.html).
First verify your Java version (from cmd: `java -version`) and install the appropriate JDK using:
```
# on Debian/Ubuntu systems
sudo apt install openjdk-VERSION-jdk-headless
```
Alternatively, specify (multiple pairs of) `--include PATH` argument to scan specific directories but not the currently running Java processes

### Legal Disclaimer
This project is made for non-commercial and ethical testing purposes only. Usage of `log4j-scanner` for attacking targets is illegal. It is the end user's responsibility to obey all applicable local, state and federal laws. Developers assume no liability and are not responsible for any misuse or damage caused by this program.
### Usage
To scan all running Java processes, we recommend running the tool as with root permissions:
```
Usage of sudo ./log4j-scanner-amd64-darwin-v1.0.0-alpha.2.bin:
  -exclude value
        path to exclude. example: -exclude PATH [-exclude ANOTHER]
  -ignore-v1
        ignore log4j 1.x versions
  -include value
        path to include. example -include PATH [-include ANOTHER]
  -log string
        log file to write output to
  -verbose
        no output unless vulnerable
```

Commit message:

installation section
Signed-off-by: Amit Mor <amitm@at-bay.com>

README.md, after:

### Description
`log4j-checker` tool helps identify whether a certain system runs a vulnerable version of the log4j library. Download it and run on each suspected system in your organization.
Please refer to the usage section for more details.

### About At-Bay
At-Bay is an insurance company designed to help businesses understand and address digital risk by combining world-class technology with industry-leading insurance expertise. We question, analyze, and monitor the risk of every company in our portfolio and support our brokers and our insureds throughout our partnership.

### License
The project is licensed under MIT License.

### Supported Operating Systems
* linux (amd64)
* freebsd/darwin (MacOS) (amd64)

### Prerequisites
To automatically scan all running Java processes, you would need an installation of [jps](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/technotes/tools/unix/jps.html).
First verify your Java version (from cmd: `java -version`) and install the appropriate JDK using:
```
# on Debian/Ubuntu systems
sudo apt install openjdk-VERSION-jdk-headless
```
Alternatively, specify (multiple pairs of) `--include PATH` argument to scan specific directories but not the currently running Java processes

### Legal Disclaimer
This project is made for non-commercial and ethical testing purposes only. Usage of `log4j-scanner` for attacking targets is illegal. It is the end user's responsibility to obey all applicable local, state and federal laws. Developers assume no liability and are not responsible for any misuse or damage caused by this program.

### Installation
download a precompiled binary from the [releases page](https://github.com/CyberJackGit/log4j-checker/releases)
or use Golang build tool: `GOOS=linux GOARCH=amd64 go build` from the root of this repository.

### Usage
To scan all running Java processes, we recommend running the tool as with root permissions:
```
Usage of sudo ./log4j-scanner-amd64-darwin-v1.0.0-alpha.2.bin:
  -exclude value
        path to exclude. example: -exclude PATH [-exclude ANOTHER]
  -ignore-v1
        ignore log4j 1.x versions
  -include value
        path to include. example -include PATH [-include ANOTHER]
  -log string
        log file to write output to
  -verbose
        no output unless vulnerable
```
